quick fleet server blurb (#539)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet-overview.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/integrations.png[Integrations page]

[discrete]
[[fleet-server]]
== {fleet-server}

Fleet-server is the mechanism to connect {agent}s to {fleet}.  It allows for

> a scalable infrastructure and is supported in Elastic Cloud and self-manage clusters.

Author: you're probably right, i have no idea - thanks for the suggestion

> Fleet-server is a separate process that runs which communicates with the {agent}s
> deployed.  It can be started from any of the x64 architecture {agent} artifacts
> available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{fleet-server} is a separate process that communicates with the deployed {agent}s.
It can be started from any available x64 architecture {agent} artifact.
```

Reviewer: This begs the question: are there Elastic Agent artifacts that don't support Fleet Server?

Reviewer: (I think you could even remove "available" because that seems implicit)

Author: the x86 artifacts do note - there are several:  for x86 .tar.gz, x86 deb/rpm and x86 windows
